Are you feeling lucky?
More doom to the DM!
Are you sure this is a good idea?
This is the moment of truth!
Doom for the Game Master!
Calculating your inevitable failure...
Would you like to spend some plot points on that roll?
Tides of Fortune to the rescue!
Let's hope this isn't a Sorcery roll.
Impending doom approaches...
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took a doom point to the roll.
Cooperation is always still an option.
The Licians will tell stories of your failure for years to come.
It'll work out in the long run...right?
Did you really study gamecraft as a young Boheim?
True Curiosity doesn't necessarily have to mean 'True Stupidity'.
Let's hope the Holichasma user has Primal mana left.
Can you use Second Guessing to second guess this roll itself?
Let's hope the Daughter of Spring's interest in education also includes probabilities.
Yep, you're dead.
I believe you can do it...I just suggest you spend some more plot points.
This roll is a challenge made by the Tester.
This one is going in the Atrocity Archive.
I mean...I guess failing horribly will also make you stand out.
I'm just hoping this isn't to convince a Hearthblood.
Can't you use Reality Marble on this roll?
I hope you have the Withstand Blowback expert application.
Ouch, that's going to hurt.
I believe in you! I just don't believe in this roll.
I'll ask OneDee if he could roll a bit higher...
The Game Master will love you for the doom.
Quick, ask Lance to rig OneDee for you before the GM notices!
And that was how the party died.
The vampires are after you now!
You might need some retraining after your skills got taken.
The bike has been touched!
Everyone has a symbiote now!
Look at all those 1's!
*maniacal laughter*
Are you friends with Al Saiduq?!
Let's hope this was a test roll!
Do you think you can roll Scrape by Death another time?
Quick! Hide in plain sight!
Have you been making deals with butter gods today?
TwoDee has rolls if you have coin.
This is probably Providence's fault.
Quick, roll for seduction, it's the only way!
*Cackles in binary*
*Laughs in hexidecimal*
*Chuckles in Java*
Nat 20's do not apply! Nat 1's totally do though!
If it's not glowing blue have you really done a good job?
Let's hope you sacrificed that into your Temple of the Mind and not just into your brain.
When is it my turn to be naked and covered in grease?
This roll brought to you by Bo, the goodest boi.
Have you tried using a loli chicken?
Congrats on your continued failures!
I'm starting to think Tetris might be more your speed...
Fear me mortals for it is I, Steve!
Gygax frowns upon you.
This was as good of an idea as giving cats thumbs!
*cat lasers pew pew!*
Did you know Providence has a pet monkey? I didn't.
Have you tried getting your enemy to unionize against their overlord?
Let's hope Evelyn doesn't find out about this.
It's all fun and games till the sorcery starts screaming in mathematics.
Surprise, you died!
Have you tried *not* listening to Osprey?
Smells like heresy.
Have you tried applying more fire?
Have you tried adding more dust?
KABOOM!
Well, I guess it could be worse, you could be more dead.
Yay shinies!
How'd you get a d20?
I wash my hands of this.
It worries me that you're the last hope for humanity.
d6's make great caltrops in a pinch!
You could use more dice.
Blood for the blood god!
Skulls for the skull throne!
One tasteful skull for the skull throne!
"What level of friendship are you at?", "Out of Body Experiences."
